---
layout: page
title: Season History
permalink: /about/season-history
hidden: true
---

# 2023 Season - Charged Up

Charged Up was the FIRST Robotics Competition game for the 2023 season.

Charged Up was played on a 27 feet (8.2 m) by 54 feet (16 m) field covered in grey carpet. The field was surrounded by
low polycarbonate walls on the long sides and taller alliance station walls on the short sides. The Single Substations (
part of the human player stations) on the long sides also featured a taller wall made of wire mesh panels.

The field was divided in half by a white line, and each half included one alliance's Community and the other alliance's
Loading Zone. The primary scoring areas were the two Communities (one per alliance), which were located near the two
alliance station walls. Robots began the match fully contained within their alliance's Community. Each Community
included a Grid where game pieces could be scored and a Charging Station that robots could drive onto and balance on
during the autonomous period and towards the end of the match.

Team 2204 was Rank 21 with a record of 6-4-0 and won the Creativity Award.

[View the 2023 Season Photos](/media/2023)

# 2022 Season - Rapid React

Rapid React was the FIRST Robotics Competition (FRC) game for the 2022 season. The game was played by two alliances of
three teams each, with each team controlling a robot and completing specific actions in order to score points. The game
revolved around both alliances shooting inflatable balls known as Cargo into a central Hub and climbing within their
Hangars at the end of the match. The overall objective of each match was to score more points than the opposing alliance
before the match ended.

Team 2204 was Rank 41 with a record of 3-8-0.

# 2021 Season - Infinite Recharge

Infinite Recharge was the FIRST Robotics Competition (FRC) game for the 2021 season. The season was in partnership with
Lucasfilm as part of its Star Wars: Force for Change initiative.

# 2020 Season

The 2020 season was cancelled because of COVID-19.

# 2019 Season - Destination: Deep Space

Destination: Deep Space was the FIRST Robotics Competition game for the 2019 season. It involved two alliances of three
teams each, with each team controlling a robot and performing specific tasks on a field to score points. The game
centered around an outer space theme involving two alliances consisting of three teams each competing to place
poly-carbonate hatch panels and orange rubber balls or "cargo" on rockets and cargo ships before returning to their HAB
platform to climb at the end of the match.

Team 2204 was Rank 40 with a record of 4-5-0.

# 2018 Season - FIRST Power Up

FIRST Power Up, stylised as FIRST POWER UP, was the FIRST Robotics Competition game for the 2018 season. It involved two
alliances of three teams each, with each team controlling a robot and performing specific tasks on a field to score
points. The game had a retro 8-bit theme, and teams were required to place milk crates, or "power cubes," on large
balancing scales to tip the scale and gain ownership. Alliances could also trade power cubes for power-ups, giving them
a temporary advantage in a match. At the end of the match, robots could climb the tower attached to the center balancing
scale using a rung attached to the tower, giving them additional points.

Team 2204 was Rank 14 with a record of 5-3-0.

[View the 2018 Season Photos](/media/2018)

# 2017 Season - FIRST Steamworks

FIRST Steamworks was the FIRST Robotics Competition game for the 2017 season. As in past games, two alliances of three
individual teams and their robots competed on a field to score "match" points to win the game and ranking points to
advance to playoff rounds. The game had a steampunk theme, and teams were required to shoot wiffle balls which
represented fuel into a simulated boiler that transferred the generated steam into an airship in the middle of the
field. Each alliance had one airship, which they pressurized with steam from the boiler and loaded with plastic gears
from the field. At the end of the match, robots could climb and hang on team-supplied ropes (or standard ropes supplied
by FIRST) attached to the airship for additional points.

Team 2204 was 1-8-0 in official play and 4-12-0 overall in 2017.

[View the 2017 Season Photos](/media/2017)

# 2016 Season - FIRST Stronghold

FIRST Stronghold was the 2016 FIRST Robotics Competition game. The game was played by two alliances of up to three teams
each, and involved breaching the opponents' defenses, known as outer work, as well as capturing their tower by first
firing "boulders" (small foam balls) at it and then surrounding or scaling the tower using a singular rung on the tower
wall. Points were scored by crossing elements of the tower's outer works, shooting boulders into the opposing tower's
five goals to lower the tower's strength, and by surrounding and scaling the tower.

Team 2204 was 2-6-0 in official play in 2016.

[View the 2016 Season Photos](/media/2016)

# 2015 Season - Recycle Rush

Recycle Rush was the 2015 FIRST Robotics Competition game. It involved picking up and stacking totes on scoring
platforms, putting pool noodles ("litter") inside recycling containers, and putting the containers on top of scoring
stacks of totes. There was also a coopertition aspect of the game where both alliances of teams could pool their totes
and stack them on a step dividing the field to each gain twenty points. Along with these robot actions, human players
could attempt to throw the pool noodles across the field to gain four points for each noodle left in the opposing
alliance's work zone.

Overall, Team 2204 had an average qual score of 62.20 in 2015.

[View the 2015 Season Photos](/media/2015)

# 2014 Season - Aerial Assist

Aerial Assist was the 2014 FIRST Robotics Competition game. It was styled similarly to volleyball.

Team 2204 was 8-4-0 in official play in 2014.

[View the 2014 Season Photos](/media/2014)

# 2013 Season - Ultimate Ascent

Ultimate Ascent was the 2013 FIRST Robotics Competition game. It was styled similarly to disc golf.

Team 2204 was 5-6-0 in official play in 2013.

[View the 2013 Season Photos](/media/2013)

# 2012 Season - Logo Motion

Rebound Rumble was the 2012 FIRST Robotics Competition game. It was styled similarly to basketball.

Team 2204 was Rank 20 with a record of 5-3-2.

[View the 2012 Season Photos](/media/2012)

# 2011 Season - Logo Motion

Logo Motion was the 2011 FIRST Robotics Competition game. Playing pieces were inner tubes shaped like the components of
the FIRST logo. The primary objective of the game was to place them on racks to gain points. In the endgame, robots
deployed smaller robots ("minibots") to climb a tower.

Team 2204 was Rank 33 with a record of 4-5-1.

[View the 2011 Season Photos](/media/2011)

# 2010 Season - Breakaway

Breakaway was the 2010 FIRST Robotics Competition game, announced on January 9, 2010. Robots directed soccer balls into
goals, traversed "bumps" in the field, suspended themselves and each other on towers, and/or went through a tunnel
located in the center of the field.

Team 2204 was Rank 21 with a record of 5-5-2.

[View the 2010 Season Photos](/media/2010)

# 2009 Season - Lunacy

Lunacy is the game for the 2009 FIRST Robotics Competition. Announced on January 3, 2009, the name and some of the
features of the game honor the 40th anniversary of the first human mission to the Moon (Latin: Luna). It is FRC's 18th
game.

Team 2204 was Rank 23 with a record of 5-4-0

# 2008 Season - FIRST Overdrive

FIRST Overdrive was the 2008 game for the FIRST Robotics Competition, announced on January 5, 2008. In it, teams
competed to complete counterclockwise laps around a central barrier while manipulating large 40 in (1 m) diameter "
Trackballs" over and under overpasses to score additional points.

Team 2204 was Rank 37 with a record of 2-9-0

# 2007 Season - Rack 'n Roll

Rack 'n Roll was the game for the 2007 FIRST Robotics Competition season, announced on January 6, 2007. In it, two
alliances of three teams each competed to arrange ring-shaped game pieces on a central arena element known as 'The
Rack'.

Team 2204 was Rank 32 with a record of 3-6-1
