---
layout: post
title:  "Congratulations 2023 Seniors"
date:   2023-06-15 21:52:00 -0700
categories: team
author: Brian Ding
---

# Christine Lai

![Christine](https://cdn.rambots.org/Christine.png)
During her remarkable four-year tenure with Team 2204, co-captain Christine has consistently displayed extraordinary
leadership skills, particularly in the business and electrical teams. Her expertise expanded beyond technical matters as
she effortlessly assumed key roles in the business team. From securing grants to enhance our resources to crafting
impactful social media content, Christine's strategic vision and meticulous attention to detail ensured our team's
success both on and off the competition field. Moreover, her dedication to honoring senior sendoffs with heartfelt
gratitude exemplified her exceptional ability to foster unity and appreciation within our team. Christine's remarkable
leadership in the business domain has been instrumental in propelling Team 2204 forward.

# Brandon Lee

![Brandon](https://cdn.rambots.org/Brandon.png)
Brandon Lee, a talented member of the programming team, has been instrumental in enhancing the functionality of our
robot. Beyond his technical contributions, Brandon's lively and sus personality has a contagious effect, bringing joy
and uplifting the spirits of those around him. During the Davis event, his excellent communication skills enabled him to
establish great rapport with other teams, ensuring effective exchange of information about our robot's design.
Additionally, Brandon's versatility was evident as he readily assisted in the pit, offering his expertise in fabrication
tasks. We are happy that Brandon is pursuing a major in Robotics Engineering at UC Santa Cruz hope his dedication and
positive energy will continue to drive him towards great success in his future endeavors.

# Suhan Tan

![Suhan](https://cdn.rambots.org/Suhan.png)
Suhan's diverse skill set and initiative shone through as he transitioned seamlessly from being an amazing chef to a
valuable business member. Drawing from his experience in Student Government, Suhan brought a unique perspective to the
team and played a pivotal role in planning the UC Davis trip. His organizational abilities and attention to detail
ensured that every aspect of the trip was carefully coordinated and executed flawlessly. Whether it was managing
logistics, coordinating schedules, or liaising with mentors, Suhan's dedication and expertise made the trip a resounding
success, leaving a lasting impact on the team's growth and development.

# Jeremy Shen

![Jeremy](https://cdn.rambots.org/Jeremy.png)
Former Safety Captain and this year’s CAD captain, Jeremy has been with Team 2204 for the past 4 years. His expertise in
design has been instrumental in shaping some of the most crucial components of the team's robots, from the winch in
Rapid React to Jeremy’s input into designing the massive claw in Charged Up. Beyond his expertise in design, Jeremy's
versatility extends to his strong background in fabrication. He not only excels in designing various components but also
possesses the skills to bring them to life through hands-on fabrication, allowing him to form parts for prototypes and
the final robot as well. Jeremy's dedication and expertise as both a designer and fabricator have left a lasting impact
on Team 2204. His contributions have helped shape the team's robots and propel them to new heights of performance.

# Caleb Tam

![Caleb](https://cdn.rambots.org/Caleb.png)
Caleb, a member of the business team, has been excellent in scouting a variety of teams at the Davis competition each
year. He is a leader by example, not afraid to approach other teams and discuss robotics. Not limited to only the
business team, Caleb relays critical information for the drive team, helping Team 2204 better communicate with its
teammates and gauge competing alliances. When not in the pits, Caleb can be seen taking photos for Team 2204, providing
the team with a variety of photos to display. Caleb's multifaceted contributions have greatly impacted the team's
success and cohesion.

# Nathaniel Santoso

![Nato](https://cdn.rambots.org/Nato.png)
Business team captain Nathaniel coordinated many business meetings and focused on grants to benefit Team 2204. Leading
the business team this year, Nato was successful in writing and receiving many grants. During the Davis competition,
Nato was full of team spirit, willing to wear the ram hats to represent Team 2204. His willingness to engage in
conversations with other teams showcased his commitment to gaining deeper insights into their robots and fostering
meaningful connections within the FIRST community. Nathaniel's invaluable contributions as the business team captain
have significantly contributed to the team's growth and achievements.

# Josiah Gella

![Josiah](https://cdn.rambots.org/Josiah.png)
Congratulations to Josiah on his graduation and a heartfelt thank you for his outstanding dedication to our team. His
exceptional work on the business team, securing grants and fostering communication with other teams, has been
instrumental in our success. We are grateful for his membership/time and wish him continued success and happiness in all
his future endeavors.

# Kirat Singh

![Kirat](https://cdn.rambots.org/Kirat.png)
Kirat, our esteemed electrical team captain, has played a vital role as one of the pioneers in shaping the electrical
team of Team 2204. His expertise spans from mastering simple wire connections to advanced skills such as crimping and
pneumatics, making him a comprehensive resource for all things related to the robot's electrical systems. In the fall,
Kirat took the initiative to host electrical workshops, passing on his knowledge and skills to a new generation of
enthusiastic electrical team members. Moreover, his exceptional proficiency with drills and impact drivers has earned
him a reputation as one of the best in the field. Team 2204 will certainly miss his ability to precisely and swiftly
drill holes into pieces of wood or metal. Kirat's contributions have left an indelible mark on the team, and his absence
will be felt.
